TRM algorithm page creation (#27)
rte-france/rte-france.github.io: _projects/trm.md

---
title: "TRM algorithm"
show-title: false
layout: project

> excerpt: "TRM algorithm is a package to compute the Transmission Reliability Margin."

Reviewer: Python package ?

Author: Fixed

header:
  image: /assets/images/trm/logo_trm.png
  teaser: assets/images/trm/logo_trm.png
github: https://github.com/rte-france/Transmission-Reliability-Margin-Algorithm
license: MPL 2.0
license-url: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/
documentation:  https://github.com/rte-france/Transmission-Reliability-Margin-Algorithm/blob/main/doc/algorithm.md
tags: [MPL2.0]
---

TRM algorithm is a package that computes the Transmission Reliability Margin, aiming to be a translation in Java code of the [article 22 of the CACM regulation 2015/1222](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32015R1222#d1e2148-24-1).

> The project relies heavily on the [PowSybl environment](https://www.powsybl.org/index.html).

Reviewer: environment -> better library

Author: Fixed

> The project relies heavily on the [PowSybl environment](https://www.powsybl.org/index.html).

Reviewer 2: you can link to the powsybl page of the website, it's better to avoid leaving the website when we can

> The project relies heavily on the [PowSybl environment](https://www.powsybl.org/index.html).

Reviewer 2: you can link to the powsybl page of the website, it's better to avoid leaving the website when we can
```suggestion
The project relies heavily on the [PowSybl environment](/projects/powsybl).
```

Author: Fixed

Its key features include:

- Importing data: market-based (D2CF or DACF) and real time snapshot networks, real time GLSK and CRAC.
- Critical Network Element selection: select manually or automatically the interconnections or branches you want to study.
- Operational condition alignment: align the desired operation conditions of the market-based network with those of the real time snapshot (such as remedial actions, branch connection state, inner exchanges, etc.).
- AC sensitivity computation.

> - Uncertainties computation.

Reviewer: Uncertainty computation for french "calcul d'incertitudes"

Author: Fixed

You can use the package to compute the TRM, based on uncertainties and unintended deviations.

> Contact us!

Reviewer: Yes, but how I contact you ?

Reviewer 2: suggestion for minial effort: maybe enable the github discussions tab in TRM repo, and add a 'community' link to that in the website?

Author: Fixed according to what @pet-mit suggested
